Make 0.30 LTS (#1144)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.25/release-notes.md

id: release-notes
---

This document contains all release notes for Astronomer Software 0.25.

> 0.30 is the latest long-term support (LTS) version of Astronomer Software. To upgrade to 0.30, read [Upgrade Astronomer](upgrade-astronomer.md). For more information about Software release channels, read [Release and lifecycle policies](release-lifecycle-policy.md). To read release notes specifically for the Astro CLI, see [Astro CLI release notes](cli-release-notes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0.30 is the latest long-term support (LTS) version of Astronomer Software. To upgrade to 0.30, read [Upgrade Astronomer](upgrade-astronomer.md). For more information about Software release channels, see [Release and lifecycle policies](release-lifecycle-policy.md). To read release notes specifically for the Astro CLI, see [Astro CLI release notes](cli-release-notes.md).
```

> If you're looking to upgrade to Astronomer v0.30, refer to [Upgrade to Astronomer v0.25](upgrade-astronomer.md). For instructions on how to upgrade to a patch version within the Astronomer v0.25 series, refer to [Upgrade to a Patch Version of Astronomer Software](upgrade-astronomer.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're upgrading to Astronomer v0.30, see [Upgrade to Astronomer v0.25](upgrade-astronomer.md). For instructions on how to upgrade to a patch version within the Astronomer v0.25 series, see [Upgrade to a Patch Version of Astronomer Software](upgrade-astronomer.md).
```
